three dream Limited Edition phones first
up the Pokémon phone which took me 2
years to track down and find it comes
packaged in an actual pokeddex with tons
of custom accessories like this Pikachu
tail for your keys and this Pokémon
stand it's got stickers of some of the
most iconic original Pokémon and even
two different types of Pikachu case I'm
just trying to imagine showing this to
my 10-year-old self but even cooler than
that the Hello Kitty bir which looks
fairly straightforward when you see the
packaging and accessories and yeah when
you get the phone out you'll notice it
has a slight furry texture to it and
this really subtle Hello Kitty p but by
far the best part of this is that it's
made with photochromic glass which
reacts to the UV light and sunlight to
change color that's how you make a
limited edition but nothing beats the
attention to detail in this gening
impact F start with you get earbuds
presented in a miniature backpack styled
off one of the characters but the main
event has to be the phone it's got 3D
artwork which looks incredible there's a
mouse mat there's a premium multi-layer
case and each box is like a mini
surprise and the attention to detail in
both the phone's exterior and its
interface is next level